[skip vbump] release candidate v0.2.11 (#260)
insightsengineering/rlistings: NEWS.md

## rlistings 0.2.11
 * Added parameter `sort_cols` to `as_listing` to specify columns to sort the listing by. Previously listings were always sorted by key columns.

>  * Addition of separators between values in `as_listings(add_trailing_sep = <col_names>)` with determined values `as_listings(trailing_sep = <single_character>)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added new separators between values in `as_listings(add_trailing_sep = <col_names>)` with determined values `as_listings(trailing_sep = <single_character>)`.
```

Author: Ops did not see this! Sorry, sent it to submission just now. Feel free to refuse the submission and I can add this
